[Autofocus v2] Add Polling To Search Commands for 6.2.0+ (#12280)
demisto/content: Packs/AutoFocus/ReleaseNotes/1_2_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2

> - Added new commands for server versions 6.2.0+: ***autofocus-search-samples-with-results*** and ***autofocus-search-sessions-with-results***.

Author: ```suggestion
- Added new arguments ***with_results*** to the commands ***autofocus-search-samples*** and ***autofocus-search-sessions***. When ***with_results*** is used, the command will try to return the results.
```
